remember how you felt after finishing
school yes the torture is over and you
can finally start making plans to
achieve all your goals nothing can stop
you now that's probably how julienne
Koepke felt too after celebrating her
school graduation on December 23rd in
1971 but she had no idea what was
waiting for her the next day
so when 17 year old Julian Koepke
finished her school in Lima Peru she
went along with her mother to join her
father at a research station in the
Amazon rainforest the girl and her
mother were really eager to leave Lima
as soon as possible and fly to poukai
upon which was the nearest city to that
station but almost all the flights were
booked because of the holiday season
their only option was airline lanza
which already had a bad reputation with
two crashes on their record
however they booked the only empty seats
for flight 508 not worried considering
the short one-hour duration of the
flight but after purchasing the ticket
they still had to wait for 7 hours
because the flight was delayed due to
bad weather finally the plane took off
on the afternoon on December 24th at
first it was a smooth ride but soon the
clouds started getting darker and darker
and the turbulence got worse
naturally capetti began to feel anxious
and nervous just like all the other
passengers including her mother
something was definitely wrong after
crossing the Andes at about 21,000 feet
the plane got caught in the middle of a
big storm with constant thunder and
lightning suddenly the plane started
jumping up and down parcels and luggage
were falling from the lockers and flying
around the cabin terrified and helpless
capetti grabbed her mother's hand and
closed her eyes but a few minutes later
her eyes were jolted open when a bolt of
lightning struck the plane now the fuel
tank was ignited and moments later one
of the plane's wings was torn off before
Julian could understand what was
happening
the airliner went into a nosedive in the
and began tearing apart into pieces she
strapped to her seat and hanging head
over heels she went into a 10,000 feet
free fall from the sky the only noise
she could hear was the whispering of the
wind and she only saw the canopy of the
jungle spinning toward her the girl
didn't remember anything about the
impact but most likely the seat she was
attached to and the jungle foliage
cushioned her plummet unbelievably she
survived the air crash now that's a real
miracle for the next 24 hours Julianne
faded in and out of consciousness after
that she finally managed to stay
conscious and started shouting out for
her mother however she soon realized she
was all alone in the middle of the
jungle as if surviving the fall wasn't
enough of an ordeal now she had to
figure out how to make her way through
the rainforest to find help in addition
to that Julian's collarbone was broken
and she had several deep cuts on her
arms and legs despite those injuries she
started moving promising herself to get
through this nightmare at all costs
while searching for food she heard the
hum of a circling aircraft above her
head the plane crash prompted the
biggest search in Peru's history but the
forest was so dense that aircrafts
couldn't spot the wreckage from the
crash let alone a single person after
some time she stopped hearing the
humming knowing for sure that no one was
going to rescue her luckily she found a
bag of candies at the crash site which
would be her only food for the next 10
days but then she heard another sound
that lifted her spirit event the
tripping of running water now it's time
to mention that julianne was actually
pretty familiar with the jungle because
her father was a biologist who studied
amazon wildlife she spent quite a lot of
time with him at his research station
and he taught her a lot of things about
rainforest nature
now she remembered when her father told
her that tracking downstream should
eventually lead to civilization besides
she now had water to quench her thirst
and so julianne set out on her trek
following a tiny stream as you can guess
it
is anything but easy the Amazon
rainforest is full of dangers it's home
to hungry jaguars black caimans with
their sharp teeth and many poisonous
snakes who are camouflaged to look like
dry leaves to avoid stepping on one of
them accidentally Julianne would test
the area in front of her by throwing her
only shoe ahead then moving forward to
pick it up and tossing it again also she
had to climb over huge logs and masses
of gnarled roots in her way
but the girl just kept walking despite
scorching heat and hunger it was rainy
season in the Amazon meaning that there
was no fruit to pick and since she had
no knife she couldn't cut the palms
hearts from the palm tree stems
despite blistering Sun a day Julianne
got really cold during the chilly nights
finally after a few days of roaming the
rainforest she arrived at the bank of a
large river but there was no sign of
anyone it was disheartening for her but
she knew she had to move on
Julianne walked through the shallow
waters at the edge of the river very
carefully knowing that stingrays like to
nest in these shallow waters she was
going so slow at this pace she decided
to swim out to the middle of the river
instead she knew stingray stayed away
from the deeper water and only hoped
that she wouldn't meet piranhas or
alligators on her way so she swam in the
river at day and went back to the shore
at night to rest but sleeping at night
was no easy feat because insects kept
inviting her making her injuries even
more painful on the tenth day of her
exhausting journey she finally saw
something that made her think she was
hallucinating a big boat Julianne
couldn't believe her eyes and even
touched it to make sure it wasn't a
mirage there was no one near the boat
but the girl noticed a beaten path that
led up the riverbank she followed it
until she saw a hut with a palm leaf
roof the hut was empty but Julianne
found an outboard motor and a canister
of gasoline there
she had a really
deep wound on her arm and it was
seriously infected to the point where
there were maggots yes the girl knew she
had to get rid of them
Julianne remembered that once her father
had removed maggots from the family dog
using diesel fuel to force them to the
surface so she poured some gasoline on
her wound right away she felt intense
pain because the maggots tried to get
further into her flesh but she managed
to pull them out completely exhausted
Julianne decided to spend the night in
the hut where she could finally get some
semi-decent sleep the next day she woke
to the sound of voices
there were several men outside again she
thought she was hallucinating but the
voices grew louder and eventually the
men entered the hut imagine how shocked
Julianne was when she saw them they were
startled to however because at first
they thought she was a kind of a water
goddess a figure from a local legend who
is a hybrid of a water dolphin and a
blond white skinned woman Julianne
explained to three Lumberjacks who she
was and what happened to her they
treated her wounds and gave her
something to eat the next morning they
helped her get to a canoe and take a
ride down river to a lumber station
after they reached the destination a
local pilot flew the girl to the
hospital where she finally got
professional medical help soon after her
father arrived and they were finally
reunited while staying at the hospital
Julianne gave information to the
researchers that helped them locate the
wreck sadly she was the only one who
survived the crash but this story is
still an amazing example that a person's
will to live is always stronger than the
most terrible circumstances
what would you do if you were stuck in
the jungle for 11 days let everybody
know in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life